SUBJECT: Lesson #5 - Enhancing Your Video Response Rate

{!firstname_fix}

Videos are used to propel viewers into taking action. You want
to invoke a positive response from your viewers, but you also
want them to take action immediately after watching your
broadcast.

One way of doing this is by including a direct link to your
website or squeeze page at the end of the video, highlighting
the benefits of visiting your website. Keep in mind that you
still need to use a direct call to action, even in videos, so
don't forget to spend time crafting the most action-driven call
to action possible.

If you want your video to go viral, make sure that you add a
"Tell a Friend" link to the video, and that you work in
'entertainment value'. Your video needs to really stand out in
the video community and motivate viewers to send it to their
friends, and share it with everyone they know. 

You can do this easily by creating a video that adds comic
influence, entertains the viewer, shocks the viewer or offers a
unique perspective that differs from the majority of other
videos in the same market. 

Controversy is one of the easiest ways to drive eyeballs to your
videos, but make sure that your video works directly towards
building a positive brand stature. You don't want to create
videos that leave viewers entertained but finding it difficult
to trust you.

Professional but Entertaining - that's what it's all about.

Before you distribute your videos, you want to make sure that
the quality and size is optimized and that is viewable on all
operating systems. 

You also want to optimize the actual video features, including
keywords and tags so that when your video is distributed, it's
able to grab ranking in the search engines based on your primary
phrases and keywords.

Keywords also help viewers find your video, both through on-site
searches and directly through the search engines, so conduct
quick keyword research to determine what the most important
keywords for your niche are, and include them in the tags
associated with your video.

For example, when uploading a video to YouTube.com, you are able
to assign different keywords to your video, which highlight what
your video is about, and help YouTube to properly organize your
video in their database. 

You can take this a step further by optimizing your video's
title tags, to also include relevant keywords, while varying the
keywords you use for each video.

It's important that you are able to rank for multiple keyword
phrases, so never assign the exact same keywords to all of your
videos, but instead, vary it up!

You can often enhance your videos search engine optimization by
using anchor text when linking to your video page, as well as
within the description. 

Again, anchor text should include relevant keywords that vary
from the keywords used in the actual title or tags.


http://clickbankid.webactix.hop.clickbank.net

Kind Regards,
YOUR NAME
YOUR LINK



