Title: 
10 Cool Ways To Attract People To Your Web Site

Word Count:
372

Summary:
Article shows 10 unique ways to attract people to your website


Keywords:
free ebooks, free content, free articles, free classes,  free software, free contests,  free articles, free e-zines, free ezines


Article Body:
1. Give people a free subscription to your e-zine. 
Almost everyone is publishing a e-zine nowadays 
so it's important to give something extra with the 
free subscription. You could offer a free gift or 
advertising when people subscribe. 

     
2. Provide your visitors with free content. Your 
content will be more attractive to your visitors if 
it's up-to-date or original. You could also offer 
people the option to reprint the content in their 
e-zine or web site. 


3. Offer a free online directory. The directory 
could be full of interesting ebooks, e-zines, web 
sites etc. If people find your directory to be a 
valuable resource they will visit it over and over. 

     
4. Give your visitors a free ebook. You could 
also include your own ad in the ebook and allow 
other people to give it away. If you don't want to 
take the time to write one, you could ask other 
writers permission to use their articles. 

     
5. Hold free online classes or seminars. They 
could be held in your web site's chat room. The 
idea of "live" information will definitely entice 
people to visit your web site. You will become 
known as an expert on the topic. 

     
6. Give visitors a free entry into your contest or 
sweepstakes. The prizes should be something of 
interest or value to your visitors. Most people 
who enter will continually revisit your web site to 
get the results. 

     
7. Let visitors download free software. It could 
be freeware, shareware, demos etc. You could 
even turn part of your site into a free software 
directory. If you created the software, include 
your ad inside and let other people give it away. 

     
8. Offer free online services or utilities from your 
web site. They could be search engine submitting,
copy writing proofreading etc. The service or 
utility should be helpful to your target audience. 

     
9. Give free consulting to people who visit your 
web site. You could offer your knowledge via 
e-mail or by telephone. People will consider this 
a huge value because consulting fees can be very 
expensive. 

     
10. Give your visitors a free membership to your 
online club. People want to belong to something, 
why not your online club. You could also give 
away a free e-zine for club members only. 
----


