Title: 
10 Ways to increase Website traffic

Word Count:
546

Summary:
If you have a website business on the internet, you require understanding the importance of traffic generation. Your business depends on reliable and steady traffic coming to your website. There are lots of ways to get traffic to your website however most people are interested in getting the most traffic for the least amount of money, preferably for free. While it's difficult to get anything for free nowadays there are still a few good ways to help build your web traffic and still pay nothing.


Keywords:
traffic , website, website traffic, nettraffic


Article Body:
If you have a website business on the internet, you require understanding the importance of traffic generation. Your business depends on reliable and steady traffic coming to your website. There are lots of ways to get traffic to your website however most people are interested in getting the most traffic for the least amount of money, preferably for free. While it's difficult to get anything for free nowadays there are still a few good ways to help build your web traffic and still pay nothing.

Here are the 10 ways which help you in generating quick traffic to your website.

1. As part of quick traffic generation, you need to make sure that the content on your website is search engine optimized

2. As well, when it comes to quick generating traffic, you need to have URL that efficiently draws people to your site.

3. Furthermore, in considering quick making traffic options, you need to initiate a quality link building campaign.

4. In order to better your quick making traffic plans, you should take a look at using an ad program such as Google AdWords.

5. Articles that you write should be submitted to as many sites that accept articles as possible. This is important because sites that accept and include your articles in their article banks establish links for you and you are not obligated to give back.

6. Find a forum in your topic and look over the discussions. Ask questions, contribute your expertise and get to know some of the forum members. This is an excellent opportunity for you to meet others and introduce your website. It also helps build trust while helping you learn how others have found success.

7. Submitting your website to directories is a cheap way to create back links. These back links will help increase your search engine ranking in the major search engines.

8. Posting a blog about your service or product is a quick way to boost your search engine rankings. And if you keep your content fresh, you will have a better chance of having the search engines finding your site.

9. when it comes to quick generating traffic, you should build strategic alliances with other businesses to enhance your own standing and status on the Net today and into the future.

10. Google search engine indexes images in your web pages. When someone uses Google Image Search to find images on the web, what chance does your website have to show up in the search results? If you know how to optimize images in your web pages, your images will have high rankings in the image search results. You can increase traffic with images. Use the techniques described below for optimizing Google Image Search for traffic. 


(A). Use the alt attribute in the html img tag

(B). Use the title attribute in the img tag

(C). Use both the width and the height attributes for the image

(D). Use both the width and the height attributes for the image

These are just a few strategies you can use to help increase your site's presence on the Internet without sacrificing the quality and salesmanship you need to get people to buy from you! There are many more strategies for increasing traffic on your site. 


Written by Cindy Battye
http://www.trafficbunnies.com
http://www.nettrafficchat.com


