Title: 
3 Main Ways to get Instant Traffic

Word Count:
382

Summary:
You will need to go to google
or one of the other  alternatives like overture from yahoo..
You may need how to use google adwords first, there is excellent
ebooks on this subject, that will save you a lot of money, and
avoid your ad to be deactivated.
That type or advertising is called Pay Per Click advertising.


Keywords:
marketing,internet, target market, niche,online business,home based  


Article Body:
We have seen in our previous topic, how to increase your traffic.
In some circumstances, you may need to increase your traffic immediately or to boost it in order to spread a new product or an offer or or simply to implement your viral marketing. Well there is  3 easy to do that and we will explain them now. You can: Buy targeted traffic to your site, email to your list, or make a Joint Venture(JV).

To buy fast and immediate traffic, you will need to go to google or one of the other  alternatives like overture from yahoo..
You may need to know how to use google adwords first, there is excellent ebooks on this subject, that will save you a lot of money, and avoid your ad to be deactivated.
That type or advertising is called Pay Per Click advertising. You will set a daily budget for your campaign, and you will only pay when some one make a click on your link. You will be able to see your ad on the right table of the page, when you search for specific keywords.
You will need to track your campaign.
For example, you can buy 3 different advertising sources, pay the same price for each, then track with a software which advertising gives you more results.
Then go on, like that you will save your money.
The second way is to email to your list. You must understand the sale process. In a nutshell, visitors  are surfing they fall on your site, but they probably won' t come back except if you offer them an incentive, or newsletter, something that will bring them back:
You can send a promotional email, twice a month or once
Send valuable information between the promotional offer.

The last tip for immediate traffic is Joint Venture.
You have to get other websites to send email to their list, place your link on their website, and you will pay them only when they process a sale.
Pay them 50% or more.
And make the sale easy  for them, prepare for them  the subject and body of the emails, prepare the affiliate link they will put on their websites, and any other material you can use.
And who knows, you will maybe find some good friends out there.


