Title: 
4 Cheaper Ways to Get Visitors to Your Website

Word Count:
629

Summary:
Anonymous to many there are a few ways of attracting visitors to your site that do not require risking a lot of cash.


Keywords:
website traffic,marketing,cheap traffic


Article Body:
This introduction to getting more traffic to your website without spending a lot of money is what any business on the internet strives towards and we will cover the basics, which will be followed by a more focused look at other ways to get traffic to your site in subsequent articles.

Anonymous to many there are a few ways of attracting visitors to your site that do not require risking a lot of cash. But consider the fact it's not that simple and takes more work on your part. 
So, if you prefer to work to get traffic to your website, instead of paying for it, then here are a few simple ways to accomplish that:

1. Submit to article directories is perhaps one of the most valuable ways of driving traffic to your website. By writing and submitting articles with a theme associated to your website, you are almost guaranteed of getting traffic to your website for an extended period of time. As long as your articles stays in the directories that you suggest to, people can find it and the odds of receiving traffic to your website is substantial.  Some of the submission sites where you can submit to are goarticles.com, ezinearticles.com, dime.com, articlecity.com and Marketingtooltime.com.

2. Search Engine Optimization (SEO) is a procedure that you apply on your web site pages to rank higher in the search engines. Search engine optimization is not hard to learn and there are several software applications that do a good job of SEO.
Search engines first look at your meta tags to determine what your site is about. Here are a few key factors when preparing meta tags:

As you continue to read this article, pay special attention to how parts 1 and 2 relate to one another.

a) Your domain name should have your keyword in it.

b) Title tag for each page of your site should include your keyword.

c) Your keyword should be on the first paragraph of your page.

d) The image alt tags should include your keyword.

e) The directory and file names of each page of your site should also have your keyword.

3.Create a blog that links back to your website. 
Blog Posts at Blogger.com are readily indexed by Google and other search engines. By updating your blog you are feeding the search engines. and each time you put new content out, the search engines will spot it and th spiders will come. 
Putting your keywords in the content of your pages will help you rank higher in the search engines. 
By placing a link in your blog back to your site the search engines will follow the link and your site will get indexed and updated more often . 
Blogging is painless and it adds a lot of your web pages to the search engine index that and without these pages you will not be found on a keyword search, 
There are several places to get unlimited blog accounts started with some that are hosted free such as Blogger.com, Another popular blog application is Wordpress.com that is hosted on your website.

4. Posting in forums relevant to your theme will give you the opportunity to place your links, to your products and services in the signature line, so you will get visitors from the forum members and search engine, that follow your link. 
Make sure the signatures you publish in forums are memorable to magnetize readers and make them click on your related link and come to your website.

These 4 marketing tactics are simple and cheaper ways of getting visitors to your website. By implementing the above strategies on a regular basis would warrant a flow of traffic not only for the brief term but also for the long haul.


