Title: 
4 Ways To Get More Traffic To Your Web Site

Word Count:
308

Summary:
Ok, you have a cool domain name and a nifty looking site, but how do you plan on getting visitors? Here's 4 quick tips to get you started by Internet Marketing Expert, Gaston Collins, and web hosting service pro Max Cornell.


Keywords:
web hosting,traffic,business,web site,search engine,internet marketing,e commerce,affiliate,online business,seo,adwords,ebay,adsense,advertising


Article Body:
For most people, building a web site is easy. Even a 10 year old can add all the bells and whistles. But for some reason, getting people to visit your site often proves to be a little more difficult. In fact, it's not at all unusual for a web site owner to never recieve a single visitor and soon give up any plans to have a successful site.

So how can you boost your web site's traffic? According to Internet Marketing Consultant Gaston Collins at http://www.GastonCollins.com - there are a few quick ways to get traffic for a very minimal cost, but one of the first things you should do is setup a web site stats system that will allow you to track where your visitors come from. "It's important to know what pages your visitors will be coming from to visit your site. Otherwise you won't know what wotks and what doesn't," Gaston says.

So with that out of the way for now, let's look at some ways to get traffic. First of all, you can use the Pay-Per-Click (PPC) method. Google Adwords and Yahoo Search Marketing are the most popular PPC search engines. 

Second, you can get free traffic by marketing your site through organic search engines. The major players are Google, Yahoo, and MSN - in that order. 

The third way to get traffic to your site is through various methods of posting links to your site around the internet. The top methods of choice for this is contributing useful information to message boards and writing articles. 

Finally we'll discuss an often over-looked method of traffic generation, which is Ebay. You can look all day long, but you may not find a larger, more laser-targeted source of traffic at such a low price.

This article is continued at http://www.GonzoWebHosting.com/articles/web-site-traffic.htm


