Title: 
4 Ways To Get Traffic To Your Website

Word Count:
479

Summary:
Getting visitors to your website has been the ultimate dream of internet marketers. More traffic equals more money, so they say. But how can you do it without spending a fortune?

Unknown to many there are a few ways of getting visitors to your site without risking a lot of money. But remember, it's not that easy. It takes more work. So, if you would rather work instead of pay to get visitors to your site, then here are a few things you can do:

1. Submit articles to arti...


Keywords:
website, traffic, website hits, website visitors,


Article Body:
Getting visitors to your website has been the ultimate dream of internet marketers. More traffic equals more money, so they say. But how can you do it without spending a fortune?

Unknown to many there are a few ways of getting visitors to your site without risking a lot of money. But remember, it's not that easy. It takes more work. So, if you would rather work instead of pay to get visitors to your site, then here are a few things you can do:

1. Submit articles to article directories. This is probably one of the most effective ways of getting traffic to your site. By submitting articles with a link that points to your website, you are assured of long term traffic. As long as your article stays in the directories that you submit to, people can find it and the chances of getting traffic to your website is increased. A few of the article sites where you can submit to are goarticles.com, ezinearticles.com, ideamarketers.com, articlecity.com and articlesfactory.com.

2. Search Engine Optimization (SEO). It's not really rocket science. SEO is simply a technique that you implement on your site to rank higher in the search engines. Here are the things you might want to implement right away:

a) Your domain name should have your keyword in it.
b) Title tag of each page of you site should contain your keyword.
c) Your keyword should be on the first paragraph of your page.
d) The image alt tags should contain your keyword.
e) The file names of each page of your site should also have your keyword.

3. Create a blog then link it to your site. Postings at Blogger are easily indexed by Google. Updating your blog is feeding the search engines. Each time you put fresh content out, the search engines will notice it and come running to eat it all up. Putting your keywords in this fresh content will help you rank higher in the search engines. Your site gets updated a lot if you link your blog to it. Blogging is easy and it adds a lot of pages to your site. You can get free blogs at blogger.com and wordpress.com.

4. Posting in forums related to your topic. By participating in forums you'll have the opportunity to place your link in the signature line and get traffic from forum members. You can find a forum related to your topic by going to a search engine and typing your keyword + forum. Make sure the signatures you post in forums are catchy to attract readers and make them click on your link and come to your site.

These are simple, cheap and very effective ways of getting visitors to your website. Implementing the above would guarantee a stream of traffic not only for the short term but also for the long haul.


