Title: 
5 Ways to Get a Flood of Targeted Visitors.

Word Count:
635

Summary:
Want to get targeted traffic to your site but not getting the ways to achieve traffic. Read here to get ways on how to get targeted traffic to your site.


Keywords:
website traffic, website promotion, Home based business, internet marketing, online business, affiliate programs, work at home


Article Body:
Just a few months ago I received a mail from one of my subscribers describing launching of his new site. He was really very excited and thought that this site really bring him a handful of money. When I visited his site I was also surprised by the creative designing, easy and quick navigation, graphics, etc. but what I came to know by his second email after some time that he is not earning a single penny.

In fact he has not earned that much amount that he spend on developing the site. He was really very upset and sounds dull. What the reasons is that his mind blowing site not earn a single paper money? The answer is his site didn't get targeted visitors which really want to buy the products he is offering.

The back bone of internet based business is Traffic. Traffic is first need for success of any e-commerce business. If you don’t have traffic on your website, you can’t make even a single penny, no matter how beautiful and attractive your site is. Even if you have the best product in the world but don’t have traffic, you can’t make any sale.

Traffic is the most essential thing to a successful e-commerce business. Every book you will find about internet marketing would always include the importance of generating traffic.

If you are reading this article, I am sure you already have a site and you are not getting enough traffic that you're supposed to be getting.

To help you out in generating more traffic for your site, here are some ways to get a flood of targeted traffic.

1. Link exchange with similar sites

Link exchange with similar sites is a great way to increase traffic to your site because both sites get benefited. The more you exchange links with different sites, the more traffic you’ll get. One thing you should remember that always exchange links with compatible sites not competitor sites.

2. Write Articles and submit to article directories

This is a sure and proven method for targeted traffic. Writing articles and submitting to article directories can give massive exposure to your site. Not only your site’s page rank and search engine ranking will increase, you will also become as an expert in your field. You can write articles yourself or get it written by freelance writers for a small fee.

3. Start your own Newsletter

If you want life time traffic to you site, it’s time to start your own newsletter. It’s a proven fact that only 5% visitors buy from any site at first visit. If you get them in your opt in list, you can follow up with valuable content and they will come back again and again to your site.

4. Participate in Online Communities and Forums

Forums and online communities can became huge source of traffic to your site. It requires only your time and nothing else. All you have to do is sharing your knowledge and expertise. It’ll also build your reputation as an expert and people always want to work with experts.

5. Viral Marketing

Viral marketing is the fastest way of getting traffic. Do you know what the reason behind the grand success of Hotmail is? It’s viral marketing.

Viral marketing allows you to spread the word about your company and product without any costs or low costs only. You can create a short report or tiny software and allow others to pass it to their friends and relatives. You can also attach your link to a funny video or entertaining game.

Just follow these simple and easy to follow tips and get your site flooded with traffic. Not only traffic but better say targeted traffic which really want to buy your product as they need it.


