Title: 
7 Inexpensive Ways To Generate Traffic

Word Count:
948

Summary:
Whether you joined a multilevel marketing (MLM) organization or you are trying to promote an affiliate link, you need traffic. But maybe you are on a tight advertising budget.  There are many ways to generate traffic, but this article will discuss 7 inexpensive ways to generate traffic. Some of these techniques are free and some cost a little money.  One will actually pay you back for the money you spend.


Keywords:
inexpensive,cheap,free,traffic,autosurf, manual surf,blog,forums


Article Body:
Whether you joined a multilevel marketing (MLM) organization or you are trying to promote an affiliate link, you need traffic. But maybe you are on a tight advertising budget.  There are many ways to generate traffic, but this article will discuss 7 inexpensive ways to generate traffic. Some of these techniques are free and some cost a little money.  One will actually pay you back for the money you spend.

The first technique is the easiest and simplest way to generate traffic and it is free. Put your link in your email signature. Email signatures are not intrusive to the receiver. If you do not know exactly what you want to put in your signature, do a search on the internet for email signature examples. Once you have your email signature ready, go under your options and set it to automatically appear at the bottom of your email. Now every time you send an email, your links will be displayed.

The second way to generate inexpensive traffic is through banner link exchange. There are thousand of banner exchange sites on the Internet. You would join up with the banner exchanges. You would enter you banner link and receive code to put other’s banner links on your site. This technique will only work if you have your own site to display the banner. Free banner exchange can be a great way to get your affiliate link out to a fresh targeted group of consumers.

The third way to generate inexpensive traffic is to join a manual surf site. These are websites where you get to display your site in exchange for you looking at someone else’s site for 15-20 seconds. You are paid to manual surf other’s sites with credits. You exchange these credits for visits to your site. Two really good manual surf sites are Traffic Swarm and TS25. You can join the sites for free and surf. If you do not have the time, you can buy credits. If you have some time on your hands, this is a very good technique for generating inexpensive traffic.

The fourth technique for generating inexpensive traffic is joining an autosurf site. This technique will cost you money, but will pay you to autosurf other’s sites. This is a little risky way to gain traffic. There are thousands upon thousands of these sites. You have to do your due diligence when deciding which ones to join. Find an autosurf monitor and see how the autosurf site ranks. 

Autosurfs are all different in there structures and payouts. You buy ad units and you will be required to view a certain amount of other’s sites daily. Now you earn a percentage of money each day by autosurfing the subscribe amount of sites. At the end of a subscribe time limit, you get to cash out. You also can get paid autosurf traffic by buying advertising space on the site. This advertisement will display at the top of the autosurf site. Just to warn you again, this can be a little risky. You have to do your due diligence when deciding by use some of the autosurf monitor sites out on the Internet.

The fifth technique for gaining inexpensive generated traffic is by joining some topic specific forums. This is a great way to meet and learn from others. You generate traffic by putting your links in your signature box. Now, the thing you need to remember is not to just post messaging in the forums promoting your opportunity. This is called spamming and will be quickly removed by forum moderators. You passively promote your business opportunity by adding meaning content to the topic being discussed. Others will see your links in the signature box and visit your site if interested.  Join 3 or 4 forums and make entry in each on a daily basis. Before long, your site will be getting extra exposure at no cost except for the time needed to post.

The sixth technique for generating inexpensive traffic is blogging. Blog is short for Web Log. Blogging is publishing your thoughts or interest through an electronic medium. You can get a free account at http://www.blogger.com. Set you up an account. You are allowed to have multiple blogs. Use you blog to publish things about your product or service. Then use http://www.pingomatic.com or http://www.pingoat.com. These two websites will let other blogging services that you have updated your sites. On your blog, promote your links.  Keep your content update and fresh.

The last technique is writing articles. This is a great inexpensive traffic generator. Article writing can be fun and interesting. You may think that you cannot do this, but you can. This is probably one of the best form of advertising your product or service. You promote your product or service by putting your links at the bottom of your articles in the resource box. The resource box is like an email signature box. If you are having problems writing the articles, do a search for article writing software. This will help your writing experience easier. Now just remember that this will be a slow process, unless you just turn out article after article. When your articles are ready, submit to some of the ezine directories. 

There are many ways to generate traffic. Some cost lots of money, some are inexpensive. Using the 7 techniques discussed in the article will allow you to generate inexpensive traffic. Email signature, banner exchange, manual and autosurfing  sites, writing in forum, publishing a blog, and writing articles are all good inexpensive techniques. Visit my blog (link in resource box) to see some of these techniques in action.


