Title: 
9 Ways To Drive Targeted Traffic To Your Website

Word Count:
857

Summary:
Every online business needs targeted traffic – whether it is selling a product, service, affiliate marketing site or Google Adsense site. An affiliate marketer may have all the things needed for him to be able to succeed in a business such as affiliate marketing. He/ she may have the necessary drive, diligence, passion and perseverance to be able to understand how the system works. He/ she may have all the tools necessary in maintaining the business, including a really unique...


Keywords:



Article Body:
Every online business needs targeted traffic – whether it is selling a product, service, affiliate marketing site or Google Adsense site. An affiliate marketer may have all the things needed for him to be able to succeed in a business such as affiliate marketing. He/ she may have the necessary drive, diligence, passion and perseverance to be able to understand how the system works. He/ she may have all the tools necessary in maintaining the business, including a really unique and interesting website which could earn him/her a fortune if only the whole world could see it. However, all these would prove useless if he/she does not know how to drive traffic to his website. 

Getting people who matter to see one’s website is a difficult undertaking if he tries to consider the fact that there are rivals everywhere waiting to pin him down. The immensity of the internet as well as the internet business world has given birth to the fierce competition between online businesses, each of whom has his own great product to offer. With all the websites piling on top of each other, how would one be able to stand out? Here are 9 ways to drive targeted traffic…

1. Search engines: What they can do for the affiliate marketer concerned. Because they are popular for driving free targeted traffic, they should not be ignored by all means. Having top search engine rankings is vital in building popularity links, and the use of the right keywords is important in attaining this goal. Once a website is on top of the list, it is easily accessible to anyone who wants to see it for himself.

2. Give unrestricted rights to Ebooks and reports: Create Short ebooks and reports branded with your website link on the footer of every page. Give them away on their website or to your mailing list also give them rights to sell it on their websites and auction sites. What can be better than this for driving traffic to your website? If you give resale rights, come of them will sell it to others and in turn you get more visitors!

3. Link Exchange: Contact other webmasters for a possible link exchange partnership. Locating websites that are related to one’s own website is the primary task. Once there, he should be able to establish communication by personalizing everything as much as possible. It is then possible to make reciprocal link exchanges between webmasters whichever way the affiliate marketer prefers.

4. Join link exchange programs: This is the new way of linking. This can drive targeted traffic. There are many free link exchanges services. Paying for a link exchange program is also worth your money. 

5. Write your own articles: This is an effective way in promoting a website, because good content that are appreciated by readers will lead them to visit the writer’s very own website out of sheer interest.

6. Discussion forums: Participate in discussion forums of your area of expertise and respond to someone’s question. A discussion forum may user of all levels – beginners to advanced users. There are many questions that newbies ask. Make sure you respond to it. After this invite them to visit your website. Make sure your signature file has your links with a very good caption. 

7. Joint venture marketing: This is one of the most effective ways of promoting a product or a service. Having a partner through ad swap or link exchange is beneficial to both parties as it allows them to reach a wide customer base in a short amount of time.

8. Newsletter subscription: Creating a list of subscribers that one can refer to every so often, because they are those which would prove to be valuable assets for the marketer concerned. The use of autoresponders and personalized newsletters is one way of keeping track of them all, and holding on to them by letting them know about new products and services is an essential task that should be done by the affiliate marketer concerned.

9. Knowing one’s market through and through. It is important for traffic to be targeted to those who might have a special interest in the theme or topic of one’s website. This way, a solid customer base is going to be created. Once a potential customer shows an interest in a particular website by paying it a visit, one must not waste time in trying to show him that his effort is worth it. Keep contact info (atleast name and email address) of your customers is critical. Once someone is interested in your product, it is easier to promote other products including affiliate products.

Traffic generating strategies are important in trying to make one’s affiliate marketing career inch forward. It is always advantageous to plan one’s moves in any business that he might undertake. This is particularly so in affiliate marketing. If one knows how to get people to see what he has to offer, then he is on the right track. Last but not the least, have some scripts/ tools to perform these actions – bookmark page, set home page, tell a friend and exchange link.


